---
title: Community Groups
linkTitle: Community Groups
description:  |
  A list of our community groups: Special Interest Groups, Working Groups, User Groups and Committees.
weight: 99
type: docs
aliases: [ "/groups", "/sigs" ]
slug: community-groups
---

<!---
This is an autogenerated file!

Please do not edit this file directly, but instead make changes to the
sigs.yaml file in the project root.

This file is part of https://github.com/open-services-group/community

To understand how this file is generated, see https://git.k8s.io/community/generator/README.md
--->

Most community activity is organized into Special Interest Groups (SIGs),
time bounded Working Groups, and the [community meeting](communication/README.md#weekly-meeting).

SIGs follow these [guidelines](governance.md) although each of these groups may operate a little differently
depending on their needs and workflow.

Each group's material is in its subdirectory in this project.

When the need arises, a [new SIG can be created](sig-wg-lifecycle.md)

### Special Interest Groups

| Name | Label | Chairs | Contact | Meetings |
|------|-------|--------|---------|----------|
|[Data Science](sig-data-science/README.md)|data-science|* [Erik Erlandson](https://github.com/erikerlandson), Red Hat<br>* [Michael Clifford](https://github.com/michaelclifford), Red Hat<br>||* Data Science SIG meeting: [Wednesdays at 10:00 ET (East Time) (bi-weekly)](https://meet.google.com/ufs-hgvi-oni)<br>* OS-Climate Project Meeting: [Thursdays at 11:00 ET (East Time) (weekly)](https://meet.google.com/kdy-sqyf-rud)<br>* Operate First Data Science Community Project Meeting: [Wednesdays at 12:00 ET (East Time) (weekly)](https://meet.google.com/ngp-npcx-nws)<br>
|[Services](sig-services/README.md)|services|* [Tom Coufal](https://github.com/tumido), Red Hat<br>||* Regular SIG Meeting: [Thursdays at 14:00 UTC (weekly)](https://meet.google.com/qhw-vgww-pdu)<br>

### Working Groups

| Name | Stakeholder SIGs |Organizers | Contact | Meetings |
|------|------------------|-----------|---------|----------|
|[BYON build pipelines](wg-byon-build-pipelines/README.md)||* [Francesco Murdaca](https://github.com/pacospace), Red Hat<br>* [Trevor McKay](https://github.com/tmckayus), Red Hat<br>|* Regular WG Meeting: [Wednesdays at 10:00 ET (East Time) (weekly)](https://meet.google.com/qkt-yacp-wzm)<br>
|[DevSecOps](wg-devsecops/README.md)||* [Humair Khan](https://github.com/HumairAK), Red Hat<br>* [Harshad Reddy Nalla](https://github.com/harshad16), Red Hat<br>|* Regular WG Meeting: [Wednesdays at 12:30 ET (East Time) (weekly)](https://meet.google.com/pfj-upnw-rpi)<br>

### Committees

| Name |  Label | Members | Contact |
|------|--------|---------|---------|
|[Steering](committee-steering/README.md)|steering|* [Marcel Hild](https://github.com/durandom), Red Hat<br>* [Christoph GÃ¶rn](https://github.com/goern), Red Hat<br>* [Michael Clifford](https://github.com/michaelclifford), Red Hat<br>* [Thorsten Schwesig](https://github.com/schwesig), Red Hat<br>* [Tom Coufal](https://github.com/tumido), Red Hat<br>|
<!-- BEGIN CUSTOM CONTENT -->

<!-- END CUSTOM CONTENT -->
